Fix overlays functionality (#34)
ApexAI/rules_ros: README.md

```

In the future there will be a possibility to inject any customization in the WORKSPACE file.

## Adding more ROS2 repositories using custom `.repos` file

To use `rules_ros` in a workspace with a custom `.repos` file, follow these steps:

1. Create your custom `.repos` file with the desired ROS 2 repositories in your workspace.
2. Update the `WORKSPACE` file to use the `configure_repos` rule with the custom `.repos` file:

  ```python
  load("@rules_ros//repos/config:defs.bzl", "configure_repos")
  configure_repos(
      name = "<ros2_config_workspace_name>",  # Required
      repos_index = "<path_to_your_custom_repos_file>",  # Required
      setup_file = "<path_to_your_custom_setup_file>",  # Required
      repos_index_overlays = [
          "<path_to_your_overlay_file_1>",
          "<path_to_your_overlay_file_2>"
      ]  # Optional
  )
  ```

>   Note: The `repos_index_overlays` field is optional and can be used to pass additonal `*.repos` files containing more ROS2 repositories

Reviewer: The reason for the overlays is not to add additional repos but rather a way to declare the BUILD files. That is a syntax extension compared to the original .repos format of the VCS tool used by ROS.
So I would write:
```suggestion
  Note: The `repos_index_overlays` field is optional and can be used to pass additonal `*.repos` files declaring BUILD.bazel files to be injected into the ROS2 repositories.
```

Author: @kilian-funk I confused it to be another list of `*.repos` file. When I looked at the [code](https://github.com/ApexAI/rules_ros/blob/5f8a15d97d6272f550a29672963011ad83560b41/repos/config/defs.bzl#L29), I saw that an additional `bazel.repos` is passed. Also, [here](https://github.com/ApexAI/rules_ros/blob/5f8a15d97d6272f550a29672963011ad83560b41/repos/config/defs.bzl#L46)  it says it needs to be a list of `*.repos` file. So again, the overlays can only be repositories with BUILD file details? I am still trying to figure out the exact use case here.

Please correct me if I am wrong. This repo uses, by default, the `@ros2//:ros2.repos` file. We overlay it with the `bazel.repos` file to pass the BUILD file paths (more like associate) to the corresponding package.

Reviewer: @revati-naik-apex 

The format for the .repos files is not our invention. It comes from the open-source VCS tool and does not allow the definition of BUILD files. So the purpose of the overlay files is to amend a .repos file with something that allows the definition of BUILD files. Even if the technical implementation is all the same, the intention is to allow users to reuse a .repos file taken from open source and augment it with additional stuff we need that is not compatible with VCS. The documentation should tell you about the intent, because that is what you cannot read from the code.

Author: @kilian-funk In that case, is this commit https://github.com/ApexAI/rules_ros/pull/34/commits/483ffcfe11ec5ffd42f9384b1d170b07d313a483 needed? Because what this does is adds the entries from overlays under `repositories` to the existing `repos` dict.

Reviewer: Doesn't that code add the BUILD files to the repositories struct?

Author: @kilian-funk No, It added new entries of repositories in the overlay files to the main .repos files. This was my previous confusion that this field is used to pass additional repos. Without this code, the overlay file contents (BUILD files) are added to the existing repo data in the main .repos file.

> 4. Generate the `setup.bzl` file by running the `repos_lock.update` command:

Reviewer: Did you try this out? Do you actually need to add an empty setup.bzl file for the update script to work?

Author: @kilian-funk 

Right, you need to define a `setup.bzl` file and fill it with 

```
load("@bazel_tools//tools/build_defs/repo:utils.bzl", _maybe = "maybe")
load("@rules_ros//repos/config/detail:git_repository.bzl", "git_repository")
load("@rules_ros//repos/config/detail:http_archive.bzl", "http_archive")
load("@rules_ros//repos/config/detail:new_local_repository.bzl", "new_local_repository")

def setup():
    pass
```

Without the file or these contents in the file, the setup() function is not populated.

  ```shell
  bazel run @<ros2_config_workspace_name>//:repos_lock.update
  ```

> This will configure your workspace to use the specified additonal ROS2 repositories.

Reviewer: Don't you need an additional step loading the setup.bzl file?

```

In the future there will be a possibility to inject any customization in the WORKSPACE file.

## Adding more ROS2 repositories using custom `.repos` file

To use `rules_ros` in a workspace with a custom `.repos` file, follow these steps:

1. Create your custom `.repos` file with the desired ROS 2 repositories in your workspace.
2. Update the `WORKSPACE` file to use the `configure_repos` rule with the custom `.repos` file:

  ```python
  load("@rules_ros//repos/config:defs.bzl", "configure_repos")
  configure_repos(

>       name = "<ros2_config_workspace_name>",  # Required

Reviewer: I would call this `<custom_config_workspace_name>` in order not to confuse it with the `ros2_config` workspace.

      repos_index = "<path_to_your_custom_repos_file>",  # Required
      setup_file = "<path_to_your_custom_setup_file>",  # Required
      repos_index_overlays = [
          "<path_to_your_overlay_file_1>",
          "<path_to_your_overlay_file_2>"
      ]  # Optional
  )
  ```

  #### A few things to note:

  a. The `setup_file` needs to have the following content:

  ```python
  load("@bazel_tools//tools/build_defs/repo:utils.bzl", _maybe = "maybe")
  load("@rules_ros//repos/config/detail:git_repository.bzl", "git_repository")
  load("@rules_ros//repos/config/detail:http_archive.bzl", "http_archive")
  load("@rules_ros//repos/config/detail:new_local_repository.bzl", "new_local_repository")

  def setup():
    pass
  ```

  b. The `repos_index_overlays` field is optional and can be used to pass additional `*.repos` files declaring BUILD.bazel files to be injected into the ROS2 repositories.

3. Generate the `setup.bzl` file by running the `repos_lock.update` command:

  ```shell

>   bazel run @<ros2_config_workspace_name>//:repos_lock.update

Reviewer: Change the same way as above (`<custom_config_workspace_name>`).

  ```
4. Load the `setup.bzl`

  ```shell

>   load("@ros2_config_workspace_name<>//:setup.bzl", "setup")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  load("@<custom_config_workspace_name>//:setup.bzl", "setup")
```
